well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we have a message directly to
the biden campaign
to start off with i'm that resident of a
swing state
i'm the person you're reaching out for
my friends a whole lot of them
are those moderate conservatives those
people
that you have been doing everything to
get on your side
none of us look at biden and say
hey that's my man he's gonna represent
my interests i'm excited to go vote for
him
none of them okay
but they all want to see trump
lose they don't want to go vote for
biden to see biden win they don't really
care about a biden administration
they want to see trump lose and in big
numbers
those moderate conservatives who are
willing to cross over
they see themselves as they're not but
they see themselves
as fiscally conservative and socially
liberal
that's that's what they see that's who
they think they are
they care about civil rights that's why
they're willing to cross over
they want to send a message that message
is that trumpism and the
racism sexism bigotry the overt
nationalism all of that stuff that goes
along with it
is bad they're crossing over
to send a message to their neighbors
mainly has nothing to do with who takes
power
they want to send a message to their
neighbors
to the marginalized people who have been
directly impacted by this administration
they want them
to see america reject
trumpism on every level they want a big
win for biden at the polls
not because they support biden
but because a crushing defeat for trump
will send that message not just to their
neighbors but also to the republican
party saying hey don't run another
candidate like this
that's what they want
and the biden campaign was doing great
with them until about a week ago right
and then the numbers started sliding and
you can't figure out why
you have no clue trump's still doing a
horrible job at everything
so why are the numbers changing
it was about this time that everybody
realized
the democratic party platform included
that assault weapons ban
and the assault weapons man currently up
on capitol hill
is way more than just an assault weapons
ban
it pretty much bans any semi-auto
designed in the last 100 years
and it has some cool little exemptions
to make sure that rich folk can keep
their guns but
poor people end up getting disarmed
because they can't pay for the taxes
these are people who are crossing over
to help the marginalized that's their
motivation
marginalized people are typically lower
income
this gun ban which they're going to be
against to begin with
is directly impacting the very people
they're crossing over to help
this is a losing proposition they won't
do it they're not going to cross over
for this
to them ideologically they're those
bootstrap
people right the low income people
the marginalized people they need to be
able to defend themselves more than
anybody
that's the way they look at it and all
of the stuff that you're talking about
that trump has handled horribly
the public health issue the civil unrest
we know he's gonna just completely botch
the hurricane response
the economy the supply chain all of this
stuff
to them do you know what you need a gun
if it gets really bad you need a gun
that's that's their whole ideology
they're willing to cross over to help a
certain group of people
and you want to deny that group of
people a
gun which to them is it's a centerpiece
of their ideology it doesn't matter if
you think it's right
you're not going to change their opinion
on this
not in the time you have left before the
election
you can have these votes but you have
got to come off this
and the important thing here is not
putting the democratic party in
power they don't care about that
they care about sending a message and so
should you
this isn't an election between biden and
trump
most of the country isn't viewing it
that way those
who are being active in in the process
they care about sending a message they
care about rejecting trumpism
if you want those moderate conservatives
that you sacrificed the left for
you just threw them under the bus
if you want them you have to come off
this band
you may win without them but are you
going to win and numbers big enough to
send that message
or are you going to still have to
continue this
this cultural fight that's going on in
this country that is leading to some
really bad stuff
and i know you're saying well they
should just cross over anyway and forget
about that one issue
sure that's gonna happen that's about as
likely as somebody who supports family
planning voting for a republican
it's not gonna happen if you want these
votes you gotta drop this
you may be able to win without them but
you're not
you probably won't be able to send the
message
you're probably not going to get enough
votes to send the message
to the country to those people who are
marginalized to those people who are
impacted into the republican party
that this is unacceptable
you got to come off this if you want
those votes
they will not cross over
with with this ban on the table this is
make or break for them
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day